*****************************************************************
THIS IS NOT SHAREWARE. FEEL FREE TO PASS IT ON TO YOUR FRIENDS,
BUT AS A FAVOR, PLEASE DISTRIBUTE IT *WITH* THIS README.TXT FILE.
THANK YOU.  - Blayde
*****************************************************************


FUSION AMPdeck - A WinAmp "Skins" Interface
===========================================

*** Fusion homepage: http://members.tripod.com/~Blayde/
*** Also available: Fusion AMPman
                    Fusion AMPman LCD

Note: If it ain't on the homepage, it ain't mine. <G>


Version notes
-------------
4/3/98: Version 1.1 Customized Ray Waldin's  WinAmp speakers
and Henrik Drewelow's Analyzer for the AMPdeck. Includes
Jason Crawford's Visualization Mux to enable the user to run
both plug-ins simultaneously.

[N.B. Sorry folks, but I won't be answering any questions about
how to install or run these plug-ins. I just get too many of
these types of questions. I *have* included, though, the
authors' readme.txt files. Do spend some time reading them.]

[13:43] 3/20/98: Version 1.0a. Overall luminosity adjusted
upwards to cater to standard monitors. Amber backlight adjusted
for a more realistic glow. "Non-active" LCD areas darkened.
GeeZ... I hope this is right. Wonder what normal low-end
monitors look like... hehehe... *SLAP!* SHUT YER TRAP, SHOWOFF!

[04:30] 3/20/98: Version 1.0 final. No prior versions released.

Designer's notes
----------------
Like its predecessor, the interface *is* familiar... This time
I based it on my car stereo... "Hit the road, Jack..." hehehe.
Take your music wherever you go!

You might realize by now I'm using the name Fusion to identify
my work. Why "Fusion"? Well, besides the fact that I think
jazz/fusion is absolutely kewl, these designs put a real-world
(and very familiar, I might add...) face to an abstract concept:
software. You might say its a "fusion" of sorts... :)

Okay... enough bullshit. I just plucked the word out of thin
air and decided I liked it. <EG>


Display notes
-------------
Again, a note to people with wimpy video cards: Sorry 'bout
this, but the AMPdeck *will* look crappy in anything less than
16-bit color. The interface is designed with very subtle
shadings to convey realism and looks best on a true-color (24-
or 32-bit) display.


Installation notes
------------------
Unzip the file into your \WINAMP folder. It *should* unzip
everything into the appropriate sub-folders.

Launch WinAmp, hit ALT+S to access your "skins" listing,
select "FUSION AMPDECK", and voila! Your WinAmp has a new face!

If this isn't too clear, you can find it explained a little
differently at:

  http://www.layer3.org/software/winampmangled.html

Please *don't* e-mail me with questions about how to install
these "skins". I won't answer them.

NB: "Skins" work ONLY with WinAmp 1.80 or higher and NOT
previous versions. If you're using an earlier version, visit
http://www.winamp.com and download the latest version.


Acknowledgements
----------------
To Mike (a.k.a. "wick") of Layer3.org: Thanks once more for
your enthusiasm, support, *and* website, without which the
AMPdeck would have been just a fading idea... (Yeeehaaawww!!!
*One* more "skin" for people to rip-off...!)

To "Marcel" of MP3.com: You believed the AMPman design held
potential. I hope the AMPdeck lives up to your expectations...
Thanks again for your "smileys." :)

To the guys at All for WinAmp: 6 lightning bolts? WOW! Bet this
enhanced release should knock your socks off!

To Justin and the rest of the WinAmp crew: Your incredible
player is the single most devastating distraction I have on
my computer... and I LOVE IT!!! Great work, chaps!

To everyone out there in E-mail land: Thanks for the countless
accolades. There WILL be more Fusion "skins" on the way... In
the meanwhile, ROCK ON with the AMPdeck! :)

And to my dearest Kity: Thanks for your patience, encouragement
and love. Here's yet another opportunity for you to spend your
days and nights watching Mike's download stats! I love you.

***

You know how it's said that sequels can never be as good as the
original... I *do* hope the AMPdeck proves 'em wrong, but even
if it doesn't, I had fun!

Thanks for going FUSION!

Cheers!


- Blayde

Blayde@BitSmart.com
http://members.tripod.com/~Blayde/
